# My Portfolio
Thanks for visiting my website! My name is Eamon Garrity-Rokous, and I'm currently a sophomore at Williams College on the varsity wrestling team planning on double-majoring in Computer Science and Economics (B.A.). This repository is a portfolio of my coding projects from computer science courses taken at Phillips Academy Andover and Williams College. Some of these lab projects may include instructors' feedback and files they initially provided to students to begin their work, in addition to my own comments. A PDF of my resume is included in this repository, or you can it find here: https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1p2Mq08t6Na7lld_DhKDGGtqZNjVPquqS?usp=sharing

A little about me: I love investing in and building ideas, businesses, and their development and growth/scaling strategies. I also love business operations, product management, coding, creating, and all things innovative and revolutionary.. I'm involved in startups, Venture Capital, FinTech, EdTech, Climate & CleanTech, Impact Investing, Web3, NFTs, and blockchain tech. I have assorted efficiencies in Python, Java, SQL, Excel, PowerPoint, Google Workspace, Slack, Discord, Notion, Canva, and Adobe. I'm looking to collaborate with passionate people in the startup, VC, and business world and on projects we are excited about working on every early morning we wake up. To reach me, please email eeg5@williams.edu or egarrityrokous@gmail.com or find me on LinkedIn here: https://www.linkedin.com/in/eamon-garrity-rokous-4595a81a6/ 

Please feel free to come back later to check for updates on my portfolio and story!
